the program begins to be mythic
mayor
Salvador is one of the largest cities in
Brazil and there are many parents but only one
town hall
there are many problems and they are
scattered all over the
City
the buried buzz head here
there is nothing is all bumpy market
model we are suffering here for the
attack of the world is lack of water is
everything for me here in a fight and neighbor
today of emergency in time
the health problem here in the neighborhood student
It's gross too much rubbish on the street corner.
lighting here eat very frank
I live in the afflicted with the police
security almost nothing here in the center of
savior
the next mayor must understand that
Salvador has several cities within
one city
each region has its characteristics
their specific problems
here in cajazeiras for example are 600
thousand people who need to be better
attended by the services of the city
many things here in net cajazeiras
Is needing you, right?
we are in need of transportation
public transport're the decay
of poor health clinic doctors lack
doctor where we are thinking of
put here in cajazeiras a
prefecture neighborhood exactly to
follow the day to day of the neighborhood to
monitor the operation of the
health see if it is meeting the
right people to see if the
teachers are going to school and
if there is a hole in the street so he
can be immediately plugged help
organize the traffic that we know
that here in cajazeiras
it's very difficult then the city hall
neighborhood is exactly going to bring the
prefecture to close the problems and
here in cajazeiras we want
be implemented early in our management.
a neighborhood prefecture
Everywhere I see trash Rudder does not seem
to attack people lives on the ground is every
earth coat rat
looks at the rapa act or in the net insect zone
bad smell pacheco hole i only have this
Why u defend my grandson defend me baby
For god's sake with the prefectures.
neighborhood
We're going to put the city in order.
again I go to work regularly
in this mini prefectures because I know that
It's important for the mayor to keep an eye on
inspecting ensuring that everything is
working perfectly
we need to change the way we govern
savior
we want the city hall of our city
working closer to people
You're on the pillory of your beauty.
sea ​​way in the corner of the city of salvador
miss someone will end the
interesting is that although he is young
you can safely say that it is a
a man experienced in politics who
lived moments of important politics
for the history of Bahia to history
of Brazil
grandson is among those rare men
public that understands politics as
instrument transforming reality and
as an instrument to improve
truth, people's lives
He is respected and respected in Brazil.
whole in the congress
national for me
acm grito is one of the most brilliant
politicians of his generation
we sat in the bay where 55 in the
head
the cabense
In this country, forget it, forget it.
do not forget to say efe de salvador
Great, I said, I'll call the best and I know
My father played the role of savior can
money for 26 25 the content that came
Mayor and we want to
now they are talking about alignment
alignment I understand and I will say no
alignment of who is in the
command and can not drive
we felt it in the face the bay has
one of the worst schools in Brazil that
khamis 115 days without class
not to mention the chaos of security health
it's an alignment just does not solve what
solve it is people who know how to drive
and they have already proven that they do not know